The saveAction lambda function which we connected to API Gateway
in a previous video sends actions to a Kinesis Stream that was
created by the Serverless Framework.
Once those action records get to the Kinesis Stream,
they don't have anything that will pick them up.
I've created a processAction lambda function that will process a
Kinesis record and write it to the database.
But it's not currently configured to pull events from any Kinesis Stream.
In this video, we're going to set that up.
We've already modified the processAction lambda's IAM role to give
access to pull records from the Kinesis Stream.
Go to the Lambda dashboard in the AWS console and
select the processAction function.
The designer section on top is where you'll add any new event sources.
Click the Add trigger button to add an event source that triggers this lambda.
Open the drop‑down and select Kinesis.
Now verify the trash‑panda‑buffet stream is selected in the Kinesis Stream
drop‑down box. If it's the only Kinesis Stream in your account,
it'll be auto selected.
Batch size is the maximum number of requests one lambda will consume.
A hundred seems kind of high, so let's change this to 10. Batch window
allows you to essentially debounce the triggering of your lambda by
giving the Kinesis Stream some time to collect more records before
invoking the function.
This can be useful if your function is being invoked for every
single Kinesis record, but you'd prefer that they be processed in
a batch manner instead, say every 10 Kinesis records. We can leave
this at 0 for our purpose.
Starting position defines how the lambda will consume events. Trim
horizon starts with the earliest record that was added to the stream,
sort of like starting at the beginning. At timestamp lets you define
a datetime to start processing from. These are all likely assuming
there's already some records in your Kinesis Stream. We shouldn't
have any yet,
so let's just leave it at Latest. Then click the Add button. Since our IAM
role has already given us permission to access the Kinesis Stream, after
configuring the pull and a minute or so to set it up, your lambda should
be ready to consume Kinesis events.
Now is the perfect time to give the game a try since we have all the
serverless components hooked together at this point. If you close the
tab with the trash‑panda‑buffet app in it,
you can either find it from the output the Serverless Framework
created when you deployed everything or in the Deployments page in
API Gateway. Open the app and give it a go.
I'm just going to click around on some random food items here. You may
notice that things are a little bit slow in the beginning. This is due to
the lambdas having to perform a cold start because they haven't been
invoked in a while. There are strategies you can follow to keep your
lambdas warm in the case of an app that you want to be fast, but isn't
actually use that often.
But we won't go into that in this course.
Now,
I can go into the monitoring for our process action and see
that it has been invoked a few times in response to Kinesis
records being available to process.
These actions will now have made their way into the RDS database since this lambda has inserted them there.